Animation

n animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.

You can change as many CSS properties you want, as many times you want.

To use CSS animation, you must first specify some keyframes for the animation.

Keyframes hold what styles the element will have at certain times.

we can perform animation with the help of pure CSS only. their are many properties of animation to make it effective.
other than this, to make a object animated we need to make a code which we can write in a selector known as @keyframes. syntax is like :

The @keyframes rule specifies the animation code. The animation is created by gradually changing from one set of CSS styles to another. During the animation, you can change the set of CSS styles many times.

@ keyframes animation-name {
	from {CSS properties}
	to {CSS properties}
	-------or------
	0%{CSS properties}
	50%{CSS properties}
	100%{CSS properties}
}

properties :-

animation-name : it is the name of the animation we defined in @keyfrmae selector.

animation-duration : it defines how many time the animatin lasts. its defauld value is 0s.

animation-timimg-functin : this defines how the animation will work. like what should be the smoothness nd all. (easy, linear, easy-in, easy-out, easy-in-out,  
							steps).

animation-delay : it defines the delay in animation.

animation-iteration-count : this tells for how mny time iteration will perform.

animation-direction : (normal(default), reverse, alternate, alternate-reverse). it defines animation will go in which direction (from -> to or to-> from).

animation : this is combo of all. eg. animation : name duration iteration-count direction

animation-fill-mode : (none, forwards, backwords, both) this defines at which position animation will start and end. 
						backwords - in this value it will come to its initial position of animation (from or 0%) within the animation-delay time.
						forwards - in this, after completion of animation it will stay in the last position (to or 100%).
						both - combination of both starts like backwords and end like forwards.

animation-play-state : (play, running) this property is used to play or pause the animation, we can assign this property anywhere we want to play or pause, like 						pause on hover. then we can apply it on hover.


ease - Specifies an animation with a slow start, then fast, then end slowly (this is default)
linear - Specifies an animation with the same speed from start to end
ease-in - Specifies an animation with a slow start
ease-out - Specifies an animation with a slow end
ease-in-out - Specifies an animation with a slow start and end
cubic-bezier(n,n,n,n) - Lets you define your own values in a cubic-bezier function