CSS (POSITION) ;

HTML elements are diveded in 2 parts : inline element, or block element.

HTML tags also have attributes, with the help of whose we can decide we need to dispaly that content, but the problem is these attributes
 genreally have only 3 values. LEFT,RIGHT,CENTER. but if we want to display content at somewhere specific position then we need to use CSS.

 POSITION: is important to align HTML element at some specific or our desirable position.  

A POSITIONED element is alwyas one whose property is other than STATIC.

 in CSS we have POSITION property which have 4 values  :
 STATIC: this is default,
 RELATIVE,
 ABSOLUTE,
 FIXED.
 
 with the setting of position property we can able to display element in webpage at our desirable position, by setting 4 more properties:
 TOP,LEFT,RIGHT,BOTTOM.
 but we could not set abouve four properties with POSITION value as STATIC.(as its default, or it means nothing)

FIXED :
this property fixed the element in the browser; it takes abouve four property and that property works with respect to browser.
if you set top:90px; it will set this from browser, rather than its parent.
we can say if we apply FIXED property then it will take browseras parent for above 4 property;

RELATIVE:
An element set as relative is set above 4 as its current position. or relative to its current position.
if you set abouve 4 then it will set them from its current position.
like if you set top:40px then it will set to 40px below from its current position.;
for the bottom property it will move upward from its current position.

ABSOLUTE:
for position value ABSOLUTE the value of above four will be set with respect to its nearest ancestor having POSITON value other than STATIC.
if no ancestor found with POSITIONED then it will set with respect to browser.
if you set left and right both as 0 then it will increase the width and make it possible.

STICKY :
Sticky positioning is a hybrid of relative and fixed positioning. The element is treated as relative positioned until it crosses a specified threshold, at which point it is treated as fixed positioned.

The element is positioned based on the user's scroll position
A sticky element toggles between relative and fixed, depending on the scroll position. It is positioned relative until a given offset position is met in the viewport - then it "sticks" in place (like position:fixed).

Note: Not supported in IE/Edge 15 or earlier. Supported in Safari from version 6.1 with a -webkit- prefix.