Transform-2D,3D

CSS transforms allow you to move, rotate, scale, and skew elements.

For 2D- 
TRANSFORM this property only helpful for block, inline-block html elements but not inline elements, and has various values listed below: 

: rotate(angle) - 	while seting rotate function we give angle as argument like rotate(90deg), this will rotate the the html element by the given degree.
					

: translate() - this take value function take 2 arguments(x,y). and it will move that box with those arguments like x from x-axis and y from y-axis.
: translateX() - this takes one argumnet and move html element from x-axis.
: translateY() - this takes one argumnet and move html element from y-axis.

: scaleX() - this value function takes numeric (n)) as a parameter and it will grow the html horzontaly element by the nth time.
: scaleY() - this value function takes numeric (n)) as a parameter and it will grow the html vertically element by the nth time.
: scale() - this value function takes numeric (n)) as a parameter and it will grow the html horzontaly and vertically element by the nth time.

: skewX() - this take a angle as argument and tilt or skew the html element with that degree in X direction.
: skewY() - this take a angle as argument and tilt or skew the html element with that degree in Y direction.
: skew() -this property function takes 2 input(X,Y) or if Y is not given then it only applies to X. this value skew the html element with that degree. 

: matrix(n,n,n,n,n,n) it is the sum of all abouve.
: none - (default)

* if we want multiple properties at one then we can use matrix or we can write like this -> (transform : scale() rotate() skew()).

along with transform there is one more property which is TRANSFORM-ORIGIN :-
which take 2 numeric values as input which tells us what is the origin point for this rotation.

For 3D-


all the above properties are same just x is added eg. translateZ(),scaleZ() and in rotate different angles are added eg. rotatex(),rotateZ()..
and also fro combination of all x,y,z for all values '3d' is added. like translate3d(),scale3d() etc.

* scew() value is not there in 3D.
also a new property added that is 
perspective(n) : this value makes a 3d looks possible in our 2d screen. n is the pixcel value which how much close you are to the box. its good to give large 					value. we give this value either to parent or along with transform.


Perspective means is the art of showing 3d object on 2d.
